when I talk about engineering a drying
towel people look at me as if I were
speaking a different language but humor
me for a moment what would you call a
towel fabric that absorbs up to three
times as much water as a traditional
terry towel a towel that easy releases
all of that water would rug out a towel
that is incredibly flesh and soft a
towel that has banded an exclusive SAT
and edgy for absolute scratch free
drying performance and a towel that is
sized with a car or truck in mind I
think you might call it a seriously
engineered towel we called our gold
class water magnet drying towel it's
manufactured with an exclusive
specifically engineered waffle weave
microfiber fabric one use and you'll
understand how the name water magnet
instantaneously came to mind as we were
testing this fabric and since drying
your car is one of the largest
contributors to swirl marks we banded
our town absolutely scratch free satin
edging and even sold the origin tag in
such a way as to allow it to be easily
removed with no scratch points or towel
damage and since all towels get dirty
the water magnet is machine washable
just remember to wash it with like
fabrics in this case microfiber and not
to use any fabric softener you could
take this to the bank once you discover
for yourself how much faster and easier
it is to dry your car with our gold
class water magnet you'll never use
anything else to dry your card
have you noticed how most synthetic
drying towels are accompanied by an
instruction manual do not store dry as
it will turn into a sheet of plywood
store wet and a special container and
keep the containers tightly sealed at
all times or it will smell like
something died and then when you use it
it clings to the vehicle service like
hundreds of section cups and you
literally have to drag it across the
paint requiring a lot of effort and
worse forcing trap particulates to
scratch the finish now this doesn't make
sense an entirely new level performance
is now available with our new gold class
super suede microfiber drying cloth and
get this no instructions are necessary
utilizing our proprietary microfiber
fabric and we've technology we've
developed a super suede microfiber that
eliminates all the normal synthetic
drying towel frustrations this drying
cloth is remarkably absorbent and
literally glides over the surface of the
car without any drag soaking up water
all the way and then dries naturally
soft and supple just ring the water out
and sit it on your garage shelf it'll be
ready for use the next time and every
time you wash your car with amazing
durability
nothing beats the feeling the smell the
experience of using a chamois you just
can't get enough before deciding which
chamois would be given the distinction
of being our gold class natural chamois
we tested Shamis from all over the world
to find a supply that was consistently
soft supple and thick as well as being
tanned and cured for exceptional
performance that's why our gold class
natural chamois glides so effortlessly
across the surface absorbing water while
enhancing your car spectacular finish
and with sizes ranging from 2 square
feet up to 5 square feet we have the
perfect size for your specific use our
natural chamois for a job naturally well
done